# GomuGomu Engine
Engine being developed during UPC's Masters Advanced Programming for AAA video games.

# About the engine
This is the first implementation of the engine. Right now it can load models, textures and move through the scene with a camera. It also has an editor to play with settings of different modules. The functionalities correspond to the ones asked for the first assignment and it will be updated in the next weeks/months.

It's named after the Gomu Gomu no Mi devil fruit from my favourite manga (One Piece) to represent the ability of this engine to adapt to any feature needed.

# Author
Guillem Burgués Miró - https://github.com/GBMiro/

# Source Code
You can find the code in the following link: https://github.com/GBMiro/GomuGomuEngine

# Engine Controls

- **Mouse left click + Alt left:** Orbital camera around the model's center
- **Right click + W/S/A/D/Q/E:** Free look with the camera and you can move forward/backwards, left/right and up/down with the previous keywords
- **Mouse wheel:** Camera zoom in and zoom out
- **F:** Focus the camera on the current model's center keeping your camera direction
- **Left shift:** Duplicates the speed when using W/S/A/D/Q/E to move the camera position
- **ESC:** Closes the engine.
- **Drag and drop:** You can load any model in fbx format with drag and drop. It also supports drag and drop of textures in png/dds/jpg format.

**NOTES:** By default, the provided fbx models load the png texture but you can drag and drop the dds ones.

## Engine Editor

The editor has a main bar with 3 tabs:

- **File:** Right now shows the option to quit the engine
- **Windows:** You can show/hide editor windows through this tab. By default all windows are close
- **About:** Contains a link to the source code and you can read a short description of the engine.

### Editor Windows

- **Configuration:** You can toggle various options from the camera (zNear/zFar, FOV, camera speed...), textures (Min/Mag filter, MipMap, WRAP...), window (width, height...) and the renderer.
- **Log:** Shows the messages generated by the engine
- **Monitor:** Shows information about the hardware the engine is running on, libraries that are being used and some performance data
- **Properties:** Shows information about the model and texture that are currently loaded in the engine

# Comments
- If you download the source code and open it with visual studio, before executing you need to set the project working directory to $(ProjectDir)/Game so it can find all the .dll files
- If you can't close the engine through the "X" in the upper bar, make sure all editor windows are closed or inside the engine window
- If you can't load a texture, take a look into the log window to get more details. The editor will load a black texture in case it could not find the one dropped
- Sometimes the combo box for Min filters may not let you select a filter. Try resizing the configuration editor window